{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\deff0\deflang1033{\fonttbl{\f0\fnil\fcharset0 Calibri;}}
{\colortbl ;\red0\green0\blue255;\red255\green0\blue0;}
{\*\generator Msftedit 5.41.21.2510;}\viewkind4\uc1\pard\sa200\sl276\slmult1\f0\fs22\lang9

\par Karthik Govindan - Thalir Innovation Fest 2023 Winner\par
\par Hello, GitHub community! I'm Karthik Govindan, one of the proud winners of Thalir Innovation Fest 2023. I am from the Design Thinking team. Let me walk you through our solution to enhance public toilet hygiene and safety.\par
\par \par
\par ---\par
\par \par
\par Project Overview:\par
\par Problem Statement (Paraphrased): Develop a groundbreaking solution to make public toilets more hygienic and safe.\par
\par Our Solution: An automated toilet kit designed for public toilets, eliminating the need for human intervention in the cleaning process.\par
\par \par
\par Aspects of the Project:\par
\par 1. Hardware Component:\par
\par \tab - Arduino circuit featuring servos, pumps, and LEDs.\par
\par \tab - Automated functionalities: door locking/unlocking, toilet seat rearrangement, flushing, floor cleaning, and recycling of used gray water.\par
\par \par
\par 2. Software Component:\par
\par \tab - Web application with a dynamic Leaflet map showcasing nearby toilets and their live status (Vacant -> Green, Occupied -> Red) via Raspberry Pi.\par
\par \tab - Bulk booking system for individual users and travel buses, ensuring access to hygienic toilets in remote areas.\par
\par \par
\par ---\par
\par \par
\par Web App Features:\par
\par 1. Real-Time Updates:\par
\par \tab - Live status\par
\par }
